Week 40: Kafka and debugging KSQL, Flink, MS Ignite sessions, and other topics
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/10/07/interesting-stuff---week-40/



Wow! Docker for Windows and SQL Server 2019 on Linux What a Combination
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/29/sql-server-2019-for-linux-in-docker-on-windows/



SQL Server: Performance and sp_execute_external_script
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/03/21/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---sp_execute_external_script---iii/


SQL Server: How does prameters work in sp_execute_external_script
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/03/11/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---sp_execute_external_script---ii/


sp_execute_external_script, entry point into SQL Server external engines
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/03/07/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---sp_execute_external_script---i/



What is that Snake (Python) doing in my SQL Server Database?
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/04/20/sql-server-2017---python-executing-inside-sql-server/


SQL Server: Facebook Prophet and SQL Server Machine Learning Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/05/20/facebook-prophet-and-microsoft-r-server/
How to run Facebook Prophet inside SQL Server Machine Learning Services


Interesting last week: Azure Databricks, Kafka Streams, SQL 2019
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/30/interesting-stuff---week-39/
We look at some of the interesting stuff from Week 39.

SQL Server: Data comes back from SqlSatellite, what happens.
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/01/03/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xvii/
We look at what happens inside SQL Server when data is returned from SqlSatellite.


Binary eXchange Language, and data coming back from SqlSatellite
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/12/24/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xvi/
A look at the format of data coming back to SQL Server from the SqlSatellite.


Send messages to RabbitMQ from inside SQL Server using SQLCLR
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/02/11/rabbitmq---sql-server/
Here we look at how we can send messages from SQL Server to RabbitMQ by using SQLCLR assemblies.


SQL Server: Binary eXchange Language & Packet Sizes
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/12/02/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xv/
More about Binary eXchange Language and packet sizes.


SQL Server: Move over TDS, Binary eXchange Language is here! 
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/11/25/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xiv/
We look at what the Binary eXchange Language is in SQL Server Machine Learning Services


When does SQL statements get executed when we run sp_execute_external_script
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/11/11/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xiii/
In this post we look at when SQL statements are executed when executing external scripts?

SQL Server 2019 Public Preview New & Interesting Features
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/24/what-is-new-in-sql-server-2019-public-preview/
A very initial investigation of what is new in SQL Server 2019 Machine Learning Services.


Week 39: Azure Databricks Delta, Kafka streams, SQL Server 2019, and other topics!
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/30/interesting-stuff---week-39/
We look at some of the interesting stuff from Week 39.


Goodness: Docker for Windows and SQL Server 2019 for Linux 
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/29/sql-server-2019-for-linux-in-docker-on-windows/
We look at how to run SQL Server 2019 for Linux in a Docker container on a Windows machine.

Kafka streams, Azure Databricks Delta, SQL Server 2019, and other topics!
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/30/interesting-stuff---week-39/
We look at some of the interesting stuff from Week 39.


TCP Communication between SQL Server and SqlSatellite in SQL ML Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/10/31/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xii/
What about the TCP packets sent between SQL Server and SqlSatellite?


SQL Server 2019 for Linux, Docker for Windows and Azure Data Studio!
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/29/sql-server-2019-for-linux-in-docker-on-windows/
We look at how to run SQL Server 2019 for Linux in a Docker container on a Windows machine.


Run SQL Server 2019 for Linux in a Docker Container on a Windows Machine
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/29/sql-server-2019-for-linux-in-docker-on-windows/
We look at how to run SQL Server 2019 for Linux in a Docker container on a Windows machine.


Run SQL Server 2019 for Linux in a Docker container on a Windows machine.
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/29/sql-server-2019-for-linux-in-docker-on-windows/
We look at how to run SQL Server 2019 for Linux in a Docker container on a Windows machine.

We use WireShark to look at strange TCP packets SQL Server Sends
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/10/20/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xi/


Use WinDbg and WireShark to see how SQL Server sends data to the SqlSatellite
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/08/29/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-x/
Here we look at how data is sent to SqlSatellite. We use WinDbg, WireShark and other cool stuff!

SqlSatellite and communication between SQL ML Services components
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/08/18/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-ix/

What are those files and sub-directories created when executing sp_execute_external_script.
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/07/11/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-vii/
What are the files and sub-directories created when we execute sp_execute_external_script.


What are these strange directories Launchpad service creates?
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/05/16/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-vi/
Directories created by the launchpad service in SQL ML Services when executing an external script.


The Launchpad service, RTerm processes and parallelism in SQL ML Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/05/01/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-v/
About the launchpad service and RTerm processes in relation to parallelism in SQL Server R Services.

Yes, you can run Kafka in Windows Subsystem for Linux
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/07/10/install-confluent-platform-kafka-on-windows/
A look at how we can run Kafka on Windows

A look at what happens in SQL Server when SqlSatellite returns data
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/01/03/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xvii/
We look at the inner workings in SQL Serever when data is returned by the SqlSatellite

How output parameters are handled in SQL Server Machine Learning Services.
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/01/10/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-xviii/
We look at how output parameters are handled in SQL Server Machine Learning Services.

All about the process pool, process creation in SQL Server ML Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/04/23/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-iv/
We are looking in detail about the Launchpads process pool and process creation in SQL Server Machine Learning Services

How to Install R and Python in SQL Server 2017 ML Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/03/04/microsoft-sql-server-2016-r-services-installation/
We look at how the installation works if we want to run Python and R in SQL Server 2017 Machine Learning Services.

Launchpad and its processes inside SQL Server ML Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/04/13/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-iii/
A deep-dive into Launchpad Service and processes using #WinDbg and #processexplorer

Execute Java from SQL Server 2019 ML Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/24/what-is-new-in-sql-server-2019-public-preview/
A first look at what is new in SQL Server 2019 Machine Learning Services. Yes, we can now execute Java code from inside SQL Server.

Use SQL Server Extended Events (XEvents) in SQL Server Machine Learning Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/04/08/sql-server-machine-learning-services-and-extended-events/
A look at how we can setup XEvents for SQL Server Machine Learning Services


Week 38: Coll Stuff about Kafka and Donuts, Docker on Windows, and MSIginte
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/23/interesting-stuff---week-38/
We look at some of the interesting stuff from Week 38

Kafka and Donuts, Docker on Windows, #MSIgnite, Databricks, Interesting Week 38:
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/23/interesting-stuff---week-38/
A roundup of things I found interesting the week just gone by.


SQL Server ML Services and Launchpad
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/04/02/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-ii/
We take a look at the Launchpad service using WinDbg


How Do I Install My Favorite R Package in SQL Server Machine Learning Services?
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/06/23/installing-r-packages-in-sql-server-machine-learning-services---i/

SQL Server Machine Learning Services - Internals I
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/03/18/microsoft-sql-server-r-services---internals-i/
First post in a series about the internals of SQL Server Machine Learning Services

How to Run Facebook Prophet Inside SQL Server Machine Learning Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/05/20/facebook-prophet-and-microsoft-r-server/
We look at using Facebook Prophet inside SQL Server Machine Learning Services

Why XACT_ABORT is the Devils Tool in SQL Server
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/01/08/abort-abort-we-are-xact_aborting-or-are-we/
Discussion about the pitfalls of using XACT_ABORT in SQL Server

Install Machine Learning Services in SQL Server
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/03/04/microsoft-sql-server-2016-r-services-installation/
How to install In-Database Analytics in  SQL Server 2016 and 2017

Install Kafka on Windows in Windows Subsystem for Linux
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/07/10/install-confluent-platform-kafka-on-windows/
A look at how we can run Kafka on Windows

What are Doomed Transactions in SQL Server
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/01/27/doomed-we-are-all-doomed-i-say/
A look at what doomed transactions are in SQL Server

Installing R Packages in SQL Server Machine Learning Services via RevoScaleR
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/06/30/installing-r-packages-in-sql-server-machine-learning-services---ii/
We look at how we can install R packages into SQL Server Machine Learning Services using RevoScaleR functionality.

How to Install R Packages in SQL Server using R Package Managers
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/06/23/installing-r-packages-in-sql-server-machine-learning-services---i/
We look at how we can install R packages into SQL Server Machine Learning Services using R package managers.


How do I Install SQL Server Machine Learning Services
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/03/04/microsoft-sql-server-2016-r-services-installation/
How to install In-Database Analytics in  SQL Server 2016 and 2017

How Transactions Work in SQL Server
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2011/09/11/transactions-in-sql-server-take-2956/
We look at transactions and SQL Server (again ...)

SQL Server Error Handling Gotchas
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2016/12/31/sql-server-error-handling-gotchas/
Error handling in SQL Server, how hard can it be? Quite hard as it turns out ...

What is that Snake doing in my Database?
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2017/04/20/sql-server-2017---python-executing-inside-sql-server/
We look at Python in SQL Server Machine Learning Services

Kafka and KSQL, Azure Data Lake Storage Gen2, and other topics week 37!
http://www.nielsberglund.com/2018/09/16/interesting-stuff---week-37/
A roundup of things I found interesting the week just gone by.